feature/SM-6707-View S74 details (#771)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/_includes/api-documentation/v3/access-and-permissions.md

`HighwayAuthority` users are not restricted to work records based upon workstreams or contract associations. Instead they are only allowed to perform write actions on resources associated with their own organisation. For example they can only assess permits for work records which have been assigned to their own organisation. `HighwayAuthority` users can instead filter resources using Geographical Areas. For more information see the [resource guide](#geographical-areas)
{: .govuk-body}

#### Role Based Access - StreetWorksAdmin
{: .govuk-heading-s}

> The `StreetWorksAdmin` role cannot be used by itself, it must be paired with either Admin, Planner or Highway Authority. This role is not available to contractors. Users who are have been granted the `StreetWorksAdmin` role are able to access additional sensitive information, for example financial information relating to Section 75s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StreetWorksAdmin` role cannot be used by itself, it must be paired with either Admin, Planner or Highway Authority. This role is not available to contractors. Users who are have been granted the `StreetWorksAdmin` role are able to access additional sensitive information, for example financial information relating to Section 74s.
```

{: .govuk-body}

> The `StreetWorksAdmin` role is not the same as the `User Administrator` role and does not provide access to functionality that is currently exclusive to `User Administrator`s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `StreetWorksAdmin` role is not the same as the `Admin` role and does not provide access to functionality that is currently exclusive to `Admin`s.
```
If we are using the names in the list at the top of the "Role Based Access" section
